Ah!
Lin Wen, you are actually in front of the elders who formed the team
Popular Hero
The future of the enemy group will be handed over to you
I will definitely walk.
you
It's because your family builds nests
That's why I have been withdrawn everywhere in the past few years
Uh-huh.
I am in charge of Lin's
The first thing I do
It's just to cut your dividends for trash
Ah!
Get moving
Hahaha, when a temporary 10 billion investment
It's just a big level of tens of billions of funds
You also have occasional temporary relatives in public
Do you still have me in your eyes?
Temporary clansmen still have no mother, hurry up
Ah you bastard
Dare to fantasize about this knowledge?
Court death and I will fulfill you
And you
Remember what I said one by one
Want filial piety
Kneel down and beg me
Lin Fan was rampant
The item you got was lost because of you.
How dare you make Chu Sheng and all the uncles kneel for you
I think you are acting too much
Are you blocking yourself?
As long as I kneel down for you, I can get the contract back, right?
OK as long as you can get the contract back
I kneel down immediately
The Lord is right
As long as you can get the project back
What's the harm in kneeling down for you?
instead
When are you going to fool around?
Break up the contract
Exactly as Mr. Lin said
After all, I came here specially for Mr. Lin
Send the contract
But now it seems
No need.
Of course, if you still want to
If you continue to cooperate with the Zhongzhou Chamber of Commerce
It depends on whether you can get it.
Mr. Lin's forgiveness